Document machine reset workflow (#182)
rancher/elemental-docs: docs/machineregistration-reference.md

#### config.elemental.install

> Contains the installation configuration that would be applied via `elemental-register --reset` when booted from an ISO and passed to [`elemental install`](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-toolkit/blob/main/docs/elemental_install.md)

Reviewer: Why is `--reset` mentioned in an "install" context ?

Author: Nice catch! Thank you.

  ```
</details>

#### config.elemental.reset

Contains the reset configuration that would be applied via `elemental-register --reset`, when booted from the recovery partition and passed to [`elemental reset`](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-toolkit/blob/main/docs/elemental_reset.md)

Supports the following values:

| Key         | Type   | Default value | Description                                                                                                                                |
|-------------|--------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | enabled           | bool   | false  | Allow reset on all registered machines  |

Reviewer 2: I would be more explicit that the reset is just applied to the created MachineInventories (to avoid misunderstanding that the reset functionality can be dynamically controlled on existing machines from the MachineRegistration). Something like:

```suggestion
| enabled           | bool   | false  | MachineInventories created from this MachineRegistration will have reset functionality enabled |
```

> | reset-persistent  | bool   | true   | Format the COS_PERSISTENT partition     |

Reviewer: Format ?!

This probably shouldn't be boolean but rather have various values like "false", "format", "zero" (dd with /dev/zero), "random" (dd with /dev/random), and maybe others.

Author: Format as in `mkfs.ext4 -L COS_PERSISTENT /dev/vda5`, quite literally.

These flags are 1:1 matching the `elemental reset` cli arguments. 
The idea is that we may have an additional `shred-data` option and it should apply to all partitions marked for reset.

We didn't discuss having different (more granular) format settings per partition. It could be a nice requirement, but I think it will also need some arguments remapping on the elemental cli side.

Reviewer: While `mkfs` fulfills the basic reset requirement, it still keeps an open security hole: The old data still exists.

It's ok to just offer a "format" option right now, but the final version must have "zero" and/or "random" options.

> | reset-oem         | bool   | true   | Format the COS_OEM partition            |

Reviewer: Same here

| config-urls       | list   | empty  | Cloud-init config files                 |
| system-uri        | string | empty  | Sets the system image source and its type (e.g. 'docker:registry.org/image:tag') instead of using the running ISO                          |
| debug             | bool   | false  | Enable debug output                     |
| poweroff          | bool   | false  | Shutdown the system after reset         |
| reboot            | bool   | true   | Reboot the system after reset           |

> 

Reviewer: What happens if "poweroff" and "reset" are both "true" ?
What happens if both are "false" ?

Not sure if having two boolean settings is ideal here ? 🤔

Author: This is equivalent to the `install` configuration.  
As far I understand we don't have any validation on the object side, so you are able to configure both true.  

If that's the case, the `reboot` should "win", the machine will reboot.

If you configure both false, the machine will reset and stay in recovery mode. This can be useful for debugging.

Reviewer: This should be clearly documented. (Esp. the debugging possibility 😉 )

Author: Added an info note to clarify that.
